Add collapased section about Nanomdm configuration (#139)
micromdm/nanodep: docs/quickstart.md

### Define a DEP Profile and assign a device

DEP works by associating devices (serial numbers) with DEP profiles. A DEP profile is a set of properties associated to a UUID and, importantly, specifies the URL location of our MDM server our device enrolls into. We can define a DEP profile with its properties *and* associate serial numbers in one step.

First adjust the [example DEP profile](../docs/dep-profile.example.json) or make a copy of it. Critically you'll need to point the profile at your MDM using the `url` or `configuration_web_url` properties. See the [Apple docs](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement/profile) for the various configuration options. For the below example I adjust a few parameters, made sure my MDM URL is correct, and added the serial `07AAD449616F566C12` to the `devices` array in the profile (note only serial number adjustment shown here, you *will* need to adjust other parameters of the profile):

<details>
  <summary>Note for nanoMDM users</summary>
  

>   NanoMDM does not have an enrollment endpoint interface for the `url` field in the dep-profile. You will need to host your `enroll.mobileconfig` file yourself. In addition, the request is made as a POST. One simple option is creating a custom location section in Nginx and using it's built in error page redirect feature.

Reviewer: What do you think of saying "for example, in Nginx you can do..." and also indicating that any web server can provide the enroll url? It might be obvious but I think it's more clear this way.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/micromdm/nanodep/tree/2cb60b4e90258b0163df247a957e4c1fec7f9407

> <details>
>   <summary>Note for nanoMDM users</summary>
>   
>   NanoMDM does not have an enrollment endpoint interface for the `url` field in the dep-profile. You will need to host your `enroll.mobileconfig` file on a webserver yourself. In addition, the request is made as a POST. For example, in Nginx you can create a custom location section and use it's built in error page redirect feature to achieve this.
>   ```nginx config snippet
>     location /enrollment-url {
>          alias /var/www/html/optional_subdir/enroll.mobileconfig;
>          error_page 405 =200 $uri;
>          default_type application/x-apple-aspen-conf;
>     }
>   ```
>   Now simply replace `https://mymdm.example.org/mdm/enroll` with `https://mymdm.example.org/enrollment-url` in your dep profile.
> </details>

Reviewer 2: I'm disinclined to provide web server or MDM server guidance here as it's too implementation specific. Further, the `<details>` GitHub collapsible thing is GH specific, like to avoid that in a normal markdown file.

All that said, I have zero issues with the generalized warning/heads-up! Something more like:

```suggestion
#### Note on serving the enrollment profile

> [!TIP]
> The MDM profile served from the `url` field (or the newer `configuration_web_url`) must be served from a web server setup by you. NanoDEP does not have a facility to host it, nor do some open source MDM servers (such as NanoMDM).

Note the `dep` URL requires a `POST` HTTP request, and the `configuration_web_url` uses `GET`. These URLs must serve a normal Apple MDM Enrollment Configuration Profile (XML plist). The profile should be served with a MIME type of `application/x-apple-aspen-config`. See Apple's docs regarding [Authenticating through web views](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement/authenticating-through-web-views) for more details.
```
